EDITOR'S Pharroa. xiii

necessary, that certain Congresses of Christian Powers
should be held, in which controversies which ariae among
some of them may be decided by others who are not inte-
rested; and in which mensures may be taken to eompel the
parties to accept peace on equitable terms.” I trust that
all Students and Professors of International Law will con-
sider themselves as labouring upon a Problem which is
still unsolved, while War exists3 and in which all the ap-
proximate solutions must make wara more rare and more
brief, as well as more orderly and more humane.
Notwithstanding the love os peace and the spirit of
humanity which thus runs through the work of Grotius, it
has been blamed by some, as sanctioning, hy its doctrines,
many os the most savage usages of war. But this objec-
tion can be made, Ithink, only by those who have not
read the book with due attention. It is true, that in
certain parts of the Third Book, he states the customary
Rules, according to which wara have always been carried
on; which Rulcs allow killing men, taldng prisoners, oap-
turing property, laying waste a country, and the like.
And these he calls the Riphea <ff Wnr; and gives inter-
pretatione of the rules which may seem very severe. But
this, he himself notesz and when he has performed this
part of his task, he forthwith (in Chap. x.) proceeds to
say, “Iam now going to take from belligerante what I
have seemed to grant to them, but have not really grant·
ed:” and then he gaeson with a series of Chapters, which
he eolla Tnnperameatu, Restraints as to the exeroise of
these Rights of War, derived from consideratione of
humanity, justice, expedience and piety: and by these
“temperamenta’' he divests war of all the eruelty and
hardship which are separable from it. suu, some persons
appear to be offended at violent and oppressive practices
being called Riphte in any sense. Upon this, 1 would

 

