EDITOR’S PREFAOE.

..—-————

“ T is acknowledged by every one‚” says Mr Hallam,

“that thc publication of this trectise made an epoch
in the philosophical and we might almost say in the poli-
tical history of Europe.'’ This opinion of the importance
of Grotiua's work Dc Jcre Belli et Pacis, prevailed from
the time of its first appearance, and was exemplified by all
the marks of honour with which such a book can be greeted.
Numerone editions in various forms circulated rapidly:
copious cominente of several annotatam, translations into
several languages, speedily appeared; the work was pub-
lished in the author’s lile-time, cum noda vadorum, a dis-
tinction hitherto reserved to the ancient classica: audit
was put into the Indae Expurgate-ius at Rome. Gustavns
Adolphus carried it about with him aad kept it under his,
pillow: Oxenstiern appointed its author the ambassador of
Sweden at Paris: the Elector Palatine Oharlea Louis esta-
blished at Heidelberg a Professorship of the science thus
created3 and the science has been promoted by the like
means in many other places up to the present time.

Nor bas it, at this day, eeased to be a book of the first
rate importance in this science. It is spoken of with
respect and admiration hythe principal modern writers on
International Law: a knowledge of it is taken sor granted
in the discussions of questions belonging to that subject3
and it is quoted among the cardinal authorities on such
questions. And treating, aa it does, of the fundamental
points of Philosophical Ethiea aa well as of their applica-

α 2

 

